[MM-41] : Added the test cases for the todo list generated message. (#26)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/github/general/todo_list.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Todo list in the channel or DM/GM using the `/github todo` command."
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: General
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Connect your github account to MM and create a subsciption for any desired event discussion, issue, pulls, etc;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect your github account to MM and create a subsciption for any desired event Eg. discussion, issue, pulls, etc;
```

> 2. Create the desirec event on the connected github repo/organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create the desired event on the connected github repo/organization.
```

> 2. Create the desirec event on the connected github repo/organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Trigger the desirec event on the connected github repo/organization.
```

> 2. Trigger the desired event e.g discussion, issue, pulls, etc on the connected github repo/organization and create notification in the subscribed channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a notification for the desired event e.g. discussion, issue, pulls, etc on GitHub.
```

> 3. Enter the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run the `/github todo` command in any desired channel or DM/GM on MM.
```
